
= A really minimal viable product =
  * Nodes themselves are stored in git. That way, edits to them is immutable.
  * User submits a request with whatever context, which gets store in a node.
    - For example from a file inside vim. "Simplify implementation of this function"
  * The node stores references to all the context given for the request, as well as a stable hash of all the content.
  * Somehing can then act on the node (probably a coding agent):
    - TODO


= Open questions: =
  == Should we keep .llaundry in same repo, or separate?: ==
    - Same offers simplicity and clear single source of truth.
    - Creates some complexities around work on the actual git repo, for example using llaundry itself to resolve conflicts and doing rebases.

  == How can agent actions really be restricted and tracked, without too much constaints ==
    - Core issue, currently, is that .git is a store of all of the llaundry state, which we want to deny access to.
      This means we cannot allow full access to git, but we must allow the worker to read work history, since this is a crucial part of development.
      It seems the llaundry MCP server must provide some way of getting historical versions of the repo, without including .llaundry, and we must
      track if old versions of repository files were read, and at which version.

    - Forcing the model to work through custom rules reasonably worsens results since it differs from training. This assumption should be verified.
    - Making all work to go through the llaundry MCP is one approach.
      - But this, reasonably, does not play well with other LLM tooling


Targets human-driven developer workflow, rather than large-scale fully agentic development with little oversight. I want to accelerate the way I develop software, while still applying the skills and understanding I have developed over the years, keeping quality and design under control.

My wish is for a system where work definition and implementation live as one,
wich a shared interconnected diffable history.
Initial ideas, discussion/refinement, implementation, review with comments: All in one historical graph.

Knowing what was produced by a human, and what is from an automated tool (LLM or otherwise) is important.
Being able to gate it is preferable.

I want to be able to inspect work that happened in a structured way, not as part of a scrolling backlog of "agent conversation" in a crappy chat harness that does not
properly behave as a terminal program.


I want to be able to look through code in an editor, go to some line, and do the equivalent of a git blame, but instead viewing the
work that led up to this part of the code through llaundry.

= Core philosophy =
The output code is no longer the story. The prompt history is the story.
Theoretically, the code can be recreated from prompt history, as long as it also includes all context that went in, in a verifiable way (through hashes).

Hence:
  - Work is driven by nodes, holding prompt and all context that goes in.
  - Context is also other connected nodes.
  - We need to make sure agents executing work are not pulling context from anywhere else.

---

The main driver behind this is making LLM assisted development verifiable.
It is essentially the same thing we've always done, but structured in a way that should make
followup-work, fixes and verification more structured, making it easier for humans to get an overview,
and for LLM agents to work with.

I feel this should be something like "git for LLM development". It should be a tool where each step
could be executed by a human or a machine, and noted as such.
Outputs and intermediate results should be possible to diff and review with clear indication of
author (human or machine). Something like git blame, where the path leads back towards implementation discussions and initial specification.

It is also a way of controlling context going into each step. For example, implementation should maybe not have
access to any other context than the planned implementation steps and the files that were identified as sources or targets by the planning stage.


- Iplementation work can also produce information nodes (documentation, for example):
  - Other nodes can depend on those
  - For example, a backend can document how an endpoint works, and another node can depend on that information.
    It then does not depend directly on the implementation, but specifically on the documented information in that node.

- Prompts and discussions are more important than the output result:
  - Verifications are second most important
  - With prompt graph and verifications we can regenerate implementations as much as we want:
    - For different runtimes
    - When new models come out
    - etc.

- If any code is manually edited, that should invalidate some node/nodes
- A common workflow can be that a test is edited, the llaundry graph is partially invalidated, agents are triggered to make tests pass by editing code/specs of the nodes that were invalidated, eventually leading to the graph being consistent again.

= Data modelling =
08:02:24      ggVGc | cakebox: my core point of the question is related to that I think the start of good software is good data modelling, and my theory is that if the human does data modelling then the       │
                    | claude can do a better job at doing implementation of logic                                                                                                                                │


= Workflows =
== Initial feature ==
...
== Fixes ==
The user identifies some issue. Should be able to ask an agent which nodes are related to this issue.
Should get pointed to some initial description and associated implementations, and easily find where a new verification can be added.
Can do a few things:
  - Write a new automated verification, trigger the graph so it builds, runs, fails, and then let agent work the graph until other nodes are updated and implementation has been fixed (not touching the new verification node)
  - Add a node for manual verification, marked as failed. Trigger graph for new implementation, then when asked by the agent to do the manual verification, check again, and mark as complete if issue is fixed.
  - Add a new description node instructing an agent to add a verification node (and then run it). Run the graph, agents produce implementations of verification and runs until graph is all green again.

= Reviewing =
  When a task is finished, user should look at the diff, and create review notes per file/line.
  The review is submitted as a new node.

= Use git as the graph =
Git is fundamentally an acyclic graph, where each hash is a snapshot.
We could model the nodes of llaundry within the git graph and benefit from all the associated git tooling.


= Representation of Code/Implementation =
Note: This idea is orthogonal to the core of llaundry, I think.
      The graph language can be an implementation category supported byh the build and verification tools in the llaundry MCP.

Instead of storing code as text, leverage a graph database.
Programming langauges are a connected graph of nodes carrying semantic meaning,
but also details of implementation, as well as abstractions to help humans work.
Instead, we could store pure intent in as a graph database, in a "definition graph", allowing for efficient
querying and editing by LLM agents.
For concrete implementation, the graph can be turned into code and built into artifacts, based on some set
of implementation characteristics (bare-metal, with or without some specific runtime etc.)

A concrete implementation can also be represented by a graph. LLM agents can work on the implementation graph
until a valid artifact can be produced, while not being allowed to edit the definition graph.

If the artifact is tested and exhibits problems, then the definition graph is edited, followed by the implementation graph
and the production of a new artifact.



= Implementation language =

Probably related project.
A language where the main constituents are:
  - Data types
    - Focus on what one wants to be able to do with the data, not the concrete representation
    - Example: "List of users, fast reads"
  - Modules and interfaces between them
  - Mutable state holders (inspired by OTP)



= Platform =
-=At some future time, when there is such a thing as a "llaundry repo", there could be a collaborative platform like GH, but for llaundry.
