- Should be able to run an agent session, producing an interaction log and final plan, and make that into a linka node with little friction
- Review gating before integrating into main
- Implementation order: data structures, tests, logic (roughly). So I can review each chunk in isolation in a way that makes sense:
  - More generally, implement work on nodes in logically associated pieces that make sense for review
- Supply configs per backend in a generic manner
- Some way of specifying the default backend and backend config (which also configures model):
  - Something like .git/config?
- New requests are nodes without prior connections:
  - Should have some way of showing all such nodes, since they are in some way "root nodes"
- Capture all important info on agent work:
  - Harness version number (e.g claude --version)
  - Model used
  - More?
- Some way of performing the work of a node in parallel by multiple agents:
  - Seems to force the inclusion of special output nodes.
- Associate linka repo with target project repo through root commit hash:
  - Later maybe multiple project repos
- Make each node work happen in new worktree. Same basic idea as kuro.
- Start an interactive session on a node:
  - Everything essentially the same as non-interactive. Session and output captured as usual.
- During interactive session, when agent wants to show code or a diff, I want to be able to see that in a configurable way:
  - Initially I will want the session to run in connection to vim, and show the diff in two vim buffers
  - Possible implementation is a temporary worktree with the changes applied, where git diff will work as usual. Then the user can use their native workflow for diff viewing.
- I want to be able to perform a code review from the output work of some node:
  - Related to the diff viewing functionality
  - I should be able to go through changes, add notes to lines, and also add edits. This should be saved in a new node, associated with the output which it was based on.
- I should be able to look through the current main branch of the code, pick a line and create a node based on comments on that line/file:
  - This is probably more of an editor integration, that in the end just creates a node
  - Similar to "start a review" but based on the current state of the repo. More comments and edits can be added after the first one, until explicitly done.
  - Maybe all done in a new worktree, so that each edit and comment is a new commit which is then used to build the node
- Native support for using another linka repo as input context.
- Global context files, injected into the sessions:
  - In order to be backend agnostic and explicit about context.
- If work on a node causes followup work which is unrelated to the core task of the node, better if a new node is created for that work
- In general, I want small pieces of work which can be reviewed in a reasonable way
- I don't like the workflow of seeing a scrolling view of code diffs mixed with description text:
  - I want to be able to view each chunk of work as a a text description, and an associated diff view per file in a separate view
  - For example in vim, or in the web visualizer
- Repeatable tasks could also be modelled as nodes, similar to what people use Skills for:
  - A node description could be to analyze the codebase for some specific concern.
  - Node could be re-opened and re-run each time the user wants to re-check
  - We should not lose previous history because of that, but that matches other repeated outputs as well. We always want to be able to see prior outputs from nodes.
- Orka: Auto-review:
  Feed the original context and node description, as well as the output result to an agent,
  with the instruction to analyze if the implementation fulfills the request.
  Also, additional expectations on code quality, keeping things modular, reduce duplication etc.
- Command: View all context used for a completed node's work:
  - Maybe create a temp directory which contains the contents
  - Or an API which allows listing and getting the content of all context files
- As an agent runs inside Driva, through Orka or not, I want a better way to view the result rather than the raw view:
  - List of tool runs
  - View diffs in better tool, for example vim
- Some (T)UI around driva when interactive:
  - Should allow me to go in and out of the main view, like vim insert/normal mode
  - Allow adding/removing mounts etc. within an active session
- Driva should have some concept of hidden, or read-only, files within writeable mounts:
  - Main use-case is isolating files which are human-authored and should never be written, or even read, by coding agents
  - Also, for restricting work when, for example, implementation should be modified without touching tests, or vice-versa
