- styra should be headless:
  - Current TUI is just an UI
  - Can also make a plugin for nvim
- Markdown rendering, so tables etc show nicer
- Workflow:
  - Set up an initial prompt
  - Execute a task list against it
  - Each task starts with the initial context and then the task, in a new session
  - This can maybe later be tied into linka
  - Part of the Driva behaviour should be orka, and this is probably part of it
- When loading a new session, even if the initial message contains the rendered backlog, the user should still be shown the prior log entries the way they were:
  - And old entries should have some indication that they were loaded and not part of this actual session.
- When a session is loaded, it should not create a new session until any input is given by the user.
- Some indication on if agent output is finished or not, for this turn.
- Should be able to edit driva conf while running:
  - Probably requires edits to driva, or bwrap, or not possible
  - Maybe have to re-launch driva session, which will trigger a session resume.
- pgup/down in log list
- Open diff of edited file in vim
- Open diff of all edits in vim
- Side-by-side diff with delta?
- Generic run command on file in file action
- Parse bash commands and render them nicer
- G/gg bindings
- j/k, up/down should move between the entries that have extended info available, only
- ctrl-w, delete word:
  - Maybe should use some existing text edit component instead?
  - Launch vim?
- Preview sessions on right side of selection screen:
  - Render lines in the same way as in the main log view, but without the arrows and body contents. Only single lines.
- Clear options for driva invocation
- Fix claude profile
- Maybe get rid of other profiles like codex-exec? Not sure what their purpose is.
- Some way of listing models and selecting between them on-the-fly:
  - This will affect caching, I suppose?
- Tag sessions
- Store more metadata in sessions:
  - Git repo, if any
  - Dir with parent .git
  - Dir where launched
- Concept of a Styra session is not the same as an agent session:
  - Maybe it's a "project", or workspace?
  - It can have many associated agent sessions
  - And other things, like notes, todo list etc.
- Probably need some kind of daemon so sessions can run in background:
- When resuming sessions with the same model provider, use the actual raw session logged from the agent.
  - Otherwise do a translation between the JSON formats
  - Or, if we can't, a text transcript
- Resuming of sessions (copy of functionality in codex/claude):
  - Maybe use original transcripts unless model in styra was changed
- Preview window on the side which shows the content of the current log entry:
  - Syntax highlighting for code blocks
- For file change/read/write messages in logs, store a hash of the file just after that message:
  - That way we can say in the preview window if we're viewing the same content that was originally written or not.
- Experimental workflow:
  - Git commit after any agent response that makes an edit
  - Forking a session also branches the repo
  - Allows resetting both session and branch to some previous state and continue from there
  - Easier to launch multiple agents from the same starting point, seeing what results they come up with
